README.md, before:

👋 Hello World !

👨 I'm Alexandre Magalhães from BRAZIL !!!

I'm an eletronic engineer. I code in C for microcontrollers such as ESP32, PIC, ARM LPC/STM and VHDL for FPGAs from Altera/Intel. I'm an enthusiast for learning new technologies. Losing hours of sleep while programming is a real hobby.

A little more about me...
- 🔭 I’m currently working on Broadcasting System at [Linear Denki](https://www.lineardenki.com.br/).
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about NIOS-V.
- 👯 My professional experiences are Digital TV (ISDB-Tb/ATSC 1.0) and embedded systems.
- 💬 Ask me about Internet of Things, Digital TV, Economy and Stock Market.
- ⚡ Fun fact: "Your habits will determine your future" by Jack Canfield (American author).

---

<div>
    <a href="https://github.com/amagalhaesdesigns">
    <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=amagalhaesdesigns&show_icons=true&theme=dracula&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>     
    <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=amagalhaesdesigns&layout=compact&langs_count=16&theme=dracula"/>
</div>

Commit message:

Revise README with new sections and formatting
Updated the README to enhance personal introduction and GitHub stats.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hello World!

### 👨‍💻 About Me  
I'm **Alexandre Magalhães** from **Brazil 🇧🇷** — an **Electronic Engineer** passionate about technology, coding, and innovation.  

I develop in **C** for microcontrollers such as **ESP32**, **PIC**, **ARM LPC/STM**, and write **VHDL** for **Altera/Intel FPGAs**.  
I’m always eager to learn new technologies — and yes, losing a few hours of sleep while coding is part of the fun!

---

### 🚀 What I’m Up To  
- 🔭 Currently working in **Broadcasting Systems** at [Linear Denki](https://www.lineardenki.com.br/)  
- 🌱 Learning about **NIOS-V** and FPGA-based embedded architectures  
- 👯 Experienced in **Digital TV (ISDB-Tb / ATSC 1.0)** and **embedded systems**  
- 💬 Ask me about **IoT**, **Digital TV**, **Economy**, or the **Stock Market**  
- ⚡ Fun fact: *“Your habits will determine your future.” — Jack Canfield*  

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats  
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/amagalhaesdesigns">
    <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=amagalhaesdesigns&show_icons=true&theme=dracula&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true"/>
    <img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=amagalhaesdesigns&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=dracula"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

### 🧠 Motto  
> “Engineering is not just solving problems — it’s turning ideas into reality.”

---

⭐ **Thanks for visiting!** Feel free to explore my repositories and connect!
